---
title: "Definition"
date: 2022-12-13
categories: [Thoughts]
image: images/thumbnails/Definition.png
url: /definition/
draft: false
---
## Think

The very first thing we learn when we begin to learn is definition. But do we learn what the definition of definition is? Most probably, no. Well, the term "definition" is thought to be innate. I personally do not remember how it was taught to me. But thinking about it now, it is fundamental to think about it. Whether we open a book or search the internet to learn about a matter, the first line expresses the idea of the topic: definition. Then it goes on explaining the idea or matter itself. It is simply the basic framework of an idea or matter. So, definition is simply the fundamental part when it comes to understanding. To define "definition," we need to keep in mind that it has to be defined without synonyms of the very word. We need to dissect the idea of definition to understand how it should impact life itself.

## What is!

If I personally wanted to define "definition," I would say an attempt to make something clear. Maybe I define it this way because of how I was brought up. The very first definition I was taught in school was "What is family?" or, in other words, "What is the definition of family?" I was very young when this was taught to me. Well, I already knew what a family was. The thing about human beings is that we have many languages that we speak, but everyone has a different mental language, or subconscious language. Every word we speak has a meaning in our heads. That meaning connects something to a visual element. It can be an incident or a snapshot of a moment. Money, food, the bank, youth, and study. I just stated some words randomly. Didn't you have an image in your head while you were reading those words? Most likely, you were. If not, that is not a problem; it simply means those words have become the fundamental word in your brain to express an idea itself. The transition from image to word to idea has been reduced to "word to idea." That means you have grown quite a bit. Sometimes people ask us about a thing, and we say, "I understand it, but I can't put it into words or express it." That also shows that our brain is able to map out the question with the answer, but we are lacking in terms of coherent words. Now coming back to "What is the definition of family?" When my teacher was going to define it, I already had a mental image of my father, mother, brother, sister, and me. She went on to define it as a small unit of society where two or more people live together and are tied by blood. Next year, I was taught a different definition. which was two or more people living together, bonded by blood, and sharing the same values. Both are the same with a slight variation. I accepted both definitions, but why? Because it resonanted with me and both definition is true. Though at that age I didn't had the capacity to call what is or not when comes to studying. But now I have somewhat the mental capacity and maturity to do so. I accepted both definitions on the basis of truth. Anyone who is knowledgeable will accept a definition that reflects reality and truth. Essentially, truth is the defining factor for definition.

## Impact

We can now define "definition" as making something clear and containing truth. What if it doesn't contain the truth? Will there be a definition? No, because if it is not the truth, then it is not making a matter clear; rather, it is corrupting the essence of the matter. This is where it comes down to realizing its impact. Since we were kids, we have learned many things, from how to behave to how science works. All those teachings started or ended with a definition in our heads. Those definitions drive our basic understanding. But do we stick to those? I would say we don't. Remember when we used to do assembly in the morning and said our oath? Well, that oath is essentially the definition of being a good citizen. I won't dive into the oath, but I would like to point out one of the sentences from the oath. "We won't do injustice or corruption, nor will we tolerate it." Do you follow it? Whether we commit injustice or corruption, I won't say a thing about it. I will leave that for your mind to decide. But I won't lie about how tolerant we have become—we don't even speak when injustice and corruption happen before our eyes. The 21st century is selling this tolerance at such a level that it is essentially silencing on becoming vocal. We have become so tolerant that we even tolerate injustice and corruption. If we are tolerant of everything, then we are tolerant of nothing. Yes, we need tolerance when living in a society to grow and nurture ideas, but not when it corrupts them. How does it connect this to the definition? Well, if you don't abide by the definition, then we are not making things clear, which is essentially not conveying the truth. That is where the example of tolerance and corruption explains why not following the oath essentially makes you a bad citizen. This is the impact of the definition. Our learning of things shouldn't just be learned and confine a definition to its definability; it should be reflected upon and followed. Now think, what have you broken?
